Update release information for 2.2 doc archive (#569)
magento/merchdocs: src/magento/about-this-release.md

### 2.2

> Magento 2.2.11 was the final 2.2.x release. After April 2020, Magento 2.2.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, or documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation remains available in PDF form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento 2.2.11 was the final 2.2.x release. After April 2020, Magento 2.2.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, and documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation is no longer updated but remains available in PDF form:
```

- {:.ce-only}[Magento Open Source 2.2 User Guide][6]{:target="_blank"}
- {:.ee-only}[Magento Commerce 2.2 User Guide][7]{:target="_blank"}
- {:.b2b-only}[Magento Commerce for B2B 2.2 User Guide][8]{:target="_blank"}

### 2.1

> Magento 2.1.18 was the final 2.1.x release. After June 2019, Magento 2.1.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, or documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation remains available in PDF form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento 2.1.18 was the final 2.1.x release. After June 2019, Magento 2.1.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, and documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation is no longer updated but remains available in PDF form:
```

- {:.ce-only}[Magento Community 2.1 User Guide][5]{:target="_blank"}
- {:.ee-only}[Magento Enterprise 2.1 User Guide][4]{:target="_blank"}

### 2.0

> Magento 2.0.18 was the final 2.0.x release. After March 2018, Magento 2.0.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, and documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation remains available in PDF form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento 2.0.18 was the final 2.0.x release. After March 2018, Magento 2.0.x stopped receiving security patches, quality fixes, and documentation updates. To maintain your site's performance, security, and PCI compliance, you should upgrade to the latest version of Magento. User documentation is no longer updated but remains available in PDF form:
```
